When someone contacts the service desk,
whether by phone,
chat,
Teams,
or another channel,
it starts with an interaction.
The interaction captures who contacted you and what they need.
It's important to understand whether the person is
an internal user or an external contact.
If they're an internal user,
you will typically create an incident or a request if follow-up work is needed.
Of course,
not every interaction requires follow-up work.
If the issue is resolved during the initial contact,
the interaction can be closed.
For external contacts,
the process is slightly different.
You'll first create a case.
The case becomes the customer facing record for the external user.
If additional work is needed,
you can then create an incident or request for internal teams to resolve.
As work progresses,
updates from the incident or request are reflected automatically in the case,
so external customers can track progress without
needing visibility into internal IT processes.
Always start with an interaction,
then create the right type of work,
an incident or request for internal users.
A case for external users
or resolve the request directly.